TODO.md, before:

TODO
==============

Extend iisue agg
* Problem: id of issue and pr in different apis dont match. It must be found by number!!
1. Run all from beginning
2. Fix behat scenarios
3.


### Next steps:
1. Set perPage for every API
1. Move github model classes to Api/Github
1. Implement progress and reporting in all aggregators
1. Create PR to github-api: extend result pager with getResultCount
1. Write to highcharts about a license.
1. Think: sort api results by updated since given date to keep all updated
1. Solve array issues using ArrayType (not ugly SimpleArray) for ATrends and PostgresArray for SymfonyTrends
1. Correctly rename services (-> trends.*)
1. Reimplement Issues aggregator to create pull requests (goal: having labels for PRs)
1. Implement phpspec and behat scenarios.
1. Implement AggregatorReport
1. Implement PullRequestBodyProcessor and commit.is_maintenance using events.
1. Move ATrends to vendor
1. Move behat helper to an extension
1. Integrate deptrack from sensiolabs to check dependencies

### To think:

1. Rename contribution table??
1. IMPORTANT: Recheck all issues (can be changed) or only last month, year?
1. Own implementation of SimpleArray? => fix nullable issue or/and implement normal array for postgresql 
1. Find a way to ignore all pull request import (maybe from given date or id)

### KW 4. Technical dept
1. Features for all aggregators
1. Introduce a way increment/full/since aggregate
1. Think of AggregatorReport
1. Implement useful aggregator reports
1. Implement aggregator orchestrator/chain/...



### KW 5.
1. Review contributions aggregator see https://developer.github.com/v3/pulls/reviews/
   Example: https://api.github.com/repos/symfony/symfony/pulls/21676/reviews

## KW 6.
1. Aggregate commit changes


# Charts
- PR count merged/closed/open (stacked chart)
- Real Contributors: x - commit count, y - age of last commit (frequency?)
- Contributors vs others: x - issue count, y - smth else(?)
- PR/Issue Issue closers (rating, avarage time) 
- People to contributed monthly (most likely showing new contributors)
- Symfony bundle usage in github


Check why this commit were missing

'e38be091cef535206cf1d6625806bf5f17095f53',
'3b5127dbe92960abc090a1fda960505e98faca0b',
'e66d3da91ac2890927f0aaa8bfbedfc9985599f0',
'999f769ba545e3eb9fb91df5e2fce7320834b9b2'


Improve solution for Github API client

* use Mock for fake responses https://github.com/php-http/mock-client
* use bundle to simplify config http://docs.php-http.org/en/latest/integrations/symfony-bundle.html

Commit message:

Fxed agregators to support labels in  pull requests.

TODO.md, after:

TODO
==============

Extend iisue agg
* Problem: PR with 0 id
1. change uniquenes
2. set indexes
3/ Change API page number
* Problem: id of issue and pr in different apis dont match. It must be found by number!!
1. Run all from beginning
2.
3.


### Next steps:
1. Fix behat scenarios for issues and pull-requests
1. Set perPage for every API
1. Move github model classes to Api/Github
1. Implement progress and reporting in all aggregators
1. Create PR to github-api: extend result pager with getResultCount
1. Write to highcharts about a license.
1. Think: sort api results by updated since given date to keep all updated
1. Solve array issues using ArrayType (not ugly SimpleArray) for ATrends and PostgresArray for SymfonyTrends
1. Correctly rename services (-> trends.*)
1. Reimplement Issues aggregator to create pull requests (goal: having labels for PRs)
1. Implement phpspec and behat scenarios.
1. Implement AggregatorReport
1. Implement PullRequestBodyProcessor and commit.is_maintenance using events.
1. Move ATrends to vendor
1. Move behat helper to an extension
1. Integrate deptrack from sensiolabs to check dependencies

### To think:

1. Rename contribution table??
1. IMPORTANT: Recheck all issues (can be changed) or only last month, year?
1. Own implementation of SimpleArray? => fix nullable issue or/and implement normal array for postgresql 
1. Find a way to ignore all pull request import (maybe from given date or id)

### KW 4. Technical dept
1. Features for all aggregators
1. Introduce a way increment/full/since aggregate
1. Think of AggregatorReport
1. Implement useful aggregator reports
1. Implement aggregator orchestrator/chain/...



### KW 5.
1. Review contributions aggregator see https://developer.github.com/v3/pulls/reviews/
   Example: https://api.github.com/repos/symfony/symfony/pulls/21676/reviews

## KW 6.
1. Aggregate commit changes


# Charts
- PR count merged/closed/open (stacked chart)
- Real Contributors: x - commit count, y - age of last commit (frequency?)
- Contributors vs others: x - issue count, y - smth else(?)
- PR/Issue Issue closers (rating, avarage time) 
- People to contributed monthly (most likely showing new contributors)
- Symfony bundle usage in github


Check why this commit were missing

'e38be091cef535206cf1d6625806bf5f17095f53',
'3b5127dbe92960abc090a1fda960505e98faca0b',
'e66d3da91ac2890927f0aaa8bfbedfc9985599f0',
'999f769ba545e3eb9fb91df5e2fce7320834b9b2'


Improve solution for Github API client

* use Mock for fake responses https://github.com/php-http/mock-client
* use bundle to simplify config http://docs.php-http.org/en/latest/integrations/symfony-bundle.html
